## Migrating 1.3.0.* to 1.4.0
This guide is meant to help developers upgrade their plugins to support the newest versions of Gltn.

### Formats
Formats now use the `Format` and `FormatManager` class, but are essentially unmodified in terms of making a format script. Still, you can browse related documentation for more guidance.

Hovertags have now changed dramatically. No longer are they set continually. They're set once using the `Hovertag` and `HovertagManager` classes and then are refreshed to make sure all content is represented.

Tools are now using the `Tool` and `ToolbarManager` classes to complete actions.

### Popups
Popups now use the `Popup` and `PopupManager` classes. See related documentation for more guidance.

### Panels
Panels now use the `Panel` and `PanelManager` classes. See related documentation for more guidance.

### Themes
Themes now use the `Theme` class and a greatly extended `theme` enum. See related documentation for more guidance.

### Dictionaries
Dictionaries now use the `Dictionary` and `DictionaryManager` classes. See related documentation for more guidance.

### New Types
Developers can now create converters, tools, and spreadsheet libraries. These things have been documented.

## Migration to 1.4.1
With this minor update to Gltn, many new classes were added and some APIs were changed. Here's a brief changelog that should help developers update their plugins.

### New Class Objects
There are a lot of new classes that make it easier to manage different types of objects in the system.
* `Tool` and `ToolbarManager`
* `Metadata` and `MetadataHtml`
* `CitationFormat` and `CitationClass`
 
### Spreadsheets
Spreadsheets are now available and have a method for adding new functions. See related documentation.

### New Store Types
Panels can now override `onExport` and `onImport` for custom file I/O. See related documentation. Additionally, plugins can be put into maximum mode.

### Localization
You should localize your plugin so that many different users can run it. See related documentation for how to do that.

### Holoribbon Extensions
Plugins can add a menu to the ribbon. See related documentation for how that can be accomplished.

### File Handling
The `File` class is used to handle file management. See related documentation.

## Migration to 1.4.2
The compile system received a massive bump, plus several other APIs were added and changed.

### Compile System
Massive overhaul now uses the `Doc`, `Section`, and `Page` classes instead of some sort of free-for-all, making docs more structured. See related documentation on how to change plugins that utilize these APIs.
