_nightlies/docs/docs/00_Getting_Started.md, before:

##What is Gltn? 
###(pronounced Gluten)

**Try it out!** http://felkerdigitalmedia.com/gltn/edit.php

The goal is to build a better word processor. Word, OpenOffice, Google Docs are current products, but all of them are limited in features. You can type things and style things.
But everything you style has to be done yourself.

As a student, I've spent countless hours formatting papers. I spent about an hour formatting a single paper and doing the bibliography.
Yes, tools exist to do this type of thing. I used EasyBib and that saved me some time, but all the other niche details that go into an essay
or another type of paper create a lot of stress and waste a lot of time. When 10% of your grade or more hangs on the tiny details, that's stressful.
Shouldn't writing a paper be about... the content?

The goal of Gltn is to be a lot of different things. Like LaTeX, you write the paper and then it generates a properly formatted paper
based on the type of paper you're writing. Everything, the title, bibliography, in-line citations, etc. are generated automatically from
simple UI elements. 

Automation is at the heart of Gltn. Type a quote in an essay. Context indicates you're going to quote something. So a popup appears.
You can type in the reference details. Then it creates a citation, underlined in blue. That's it. You're done. 

Generate the document. The bibliography appears, everything is perfect. Gltn will use plenty of contextual information to aid you as a writer get
past the boring stuff of writing - formatting and citations and everything else - and let you write.

## User Features
* Web App - No installs, no updating, cross platform. Everything runs in a web browser on your phone and desktop without issue
* Auto Format - Citing an article? Just put in the information once. It will generate the appropriate in-text citation as well as a bibliography. This happens seamlessly and automatically based on which format you choose
* Collaboration - Files save locally by default. You can also save it online to Google Drive, Dropbox, or other services. From a synced document, others can open it up and edit files in realtime
* Workflow - Generate an outline, add citations, write notes for each citation. Your whole workflow is possible from this app. Plus, these appear in panels next to your content. You can see your essay and your outline at the same time.

Not only is **Gltn** perfect for writers, but it also is a great developer project too.

## Developer Features
* Modularity - Everything is designed to be easily switched. Swap themes, formats, and panels and the editor adapts. This system means you don't need to reinvent the wheel.
* Simple API - Want to create a plugin? It's all simple JavaScript. There's no learning curve.
* Open Source - Want to replicate a feature? Go as far into the Gltn source as you want to make an amazing project.
* Store - Want to publish your extension? Send it to the Gltn Store and let others check it out.

Commit message:

I made quite a bit of documentation
I went ahead and documented a bunch of stuff.

I'm closing #44, closing #47, closing #49, closing #51, closing #52, and
closing #53

Now all that's left is the hard stuff

_nightlies/docs/docs/00_Getting_Started.md, after:

##What is Gltn? 
**Try it out!** http://felkerdigitalmedia.com/gltn/edit.php

Gltn **(pronounced Gluten)** is based around the goal to build a better word processor. Word, OpenOffice, Google Docs are current products, but all of them are limited in features. You can type things and style things.
But everything you style has to be done yourself.

As a student, I've spent countless hours formatting papers. I spent about an hour formatting a single paper and doing the bibliography.
Yes, tools exist to do this type of thing. I used EasyBib and that saved me some time, but all the other niche details that go into an essay
or another type of paper create a lot of stress and waste a lot of time. When 10% of your grade or more hangs on the tiny details, that's stressful.
Shouldn't writing a paper be about... the content?

The goal of Gltn is to be a lot of different things. Like LaTeX, you write the paper and then it generates a properly formatted paper
based on the type of paper you're writing. Everything, the title, bibliography, in-line citations, etc. are generated automatically from
simple UI elements. 

Automation is at the heart of Gltn. Type a quote in an essay. Context indicates you're going to quote something. So a popup appears.
You can type in the reference details. Then it creates a citation, underlined in blue. That's it. You're done. 

Generate the document. The bibliography appears, everything is perfect. Gltn will use plenty of contextual information to aid you as a writer get
past the boring stuff of writing - formatting and citations and everything else - and let you write.

## User Features
* Web App - No installs, no updating, cross platform. Everything runs in a web browser on your phone and desktop without issue
* Auto Format - Citing an article? Just put in the information once. It will generate the appropriate in-text citation as well as a bibliography. This happens seamlessly and automatically based on which format you choose
* Collaboration - Files save locally by default. You can also save it online to Google Drive, Dropbox, or other services. From a synced document, others can open it up and edit files in realtime
* Workflow - Generate an outline, add citations, write notes for each citation. Your whole workflow is possible from this app. Plus, these appear in panels next to your content. You can see your essay and your outline at the same time.

Not only is **Gltn** perfect for writers, but it also is a great developer project too.

## Developer Features
* Modularity - Everything is designed to be easily switched. Swap themes, formats, and panels and the editor adapts. This system means you don't need to reinvent the wheel.
* Simple API - Want to create a plugin? It's all simple JavaScript. There's no learning curve.
* Open Source - Want to replicate a feature? Go as far into the Gltn source as you want to make an amazing project.
* Store - Want to publish your extension? Send it to the Gltn Store and let others check it out.

## *Getting Started*
It's really easy to start using Gltn. Everything happens in the browser. 

### Setting Up the Environment
#### Using a Server
You may want to download the Gltn Editor and set it up on your own server. This will make it possible for you to install custom extensions and execute them in a real environment. With the source files, just upload them using FTP or a different way to a folder on your web server. Once that's complete, just open `edit.php` and you should have the full editor running. You can use the browser console to give commands for things like installing or executing a function.

Alternatively, you can just host the plugins you want to run on your server. You can use the hosted editor, using the console to execute installation commands.

#### Locally
If you don't have a web server to try it out, Gltn should run fairly well locally in your web browser when you download the editor. You will be able to do a lot of interaction using the browser's console, such as installing local files and executing commands.

The source files are readily available on GitHub. Just download a zip or fork the code to get a copy. Then, run `edit.php` in your browser locally and pretty much everything should work. Of course, some features such as the store and dictionary will be unaccessible locally.

#### Read the Documentation
There's a variety of plugin types you can develop for Gltn: formats, themes, dictionaries, panels. Each system is different in how they work and you should read the specific articles for more help on setting up your environment for a given plugin. Additionally, each section includes examples of already used code to help you get started, ideas for inspiration, and API guides and references.
